Fix YDB manual deploy doc (#11195)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/devops/manual/initial-deployment.md

  ```bash
  export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/opt/ydb/lib

>   /opt/ydb/bin/ydbd --ca-file ca.crt -s grpcs://`hostname -f`:2135 \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /opt/ydb/bin/ydbd --ca-file ca.crt -s grpcs://$(hostname -f):2135 \
```

      yql -s 'ALTER USER root PASSWORD "passw0rd"'
  ```

  Replace the value `passw0rd` with the required password. Save the password in a separate file. Subsequent commands as the root user will be executed using the password passed with the `--password-file <path_to_user_password>` option. Additionally, the password can be saved in the connection profile, as described in the [documentation for {{ ydb-short-name }} CLI](../../reference/ydb-cli/profile/index.md).

1. Create additional accounts:

  ```bash
  ydb --ca-file ca.crt -e grpcs://<node.ydb.tech>:2136 -d /Root/testdb --user root --password-file <path_to_root_pass_file> \
      yql -s 'CREATE USER user1 PASSWORD "passw0rd"'
  ```

1. Set the account rights by including them in the integrated groups:

  ```bash
  ydb --ca-file ca.crt -e grpcs://<node.ydb.tech>:2136 -d /Root/testdb --user root --password-file <path_to_root_pass_file> \
      yql -s 'ALTER GROUP `ADMINS` ADD USER user1'
  ```

> In the command examples listed above, `<node.ydb.tech>` is the FQDN of the server where any dynamic node servicing the `/Root/testdb` database is running. When connecting via SSH to a YDB dynamic node, it's convenient to use the construction `grpcs://hostname -f:2136` to obtain the FQDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the command examples listed above, `<node.ydb.tech>` is the FQDN of the server where any dynamic node servicing the `/Root/testdb` database is running. When connecting via SSH to a {{ ydb-short-name }} node, it's convenient to use the `grpcs://$(hostname -f):2136` command to use the current server's FQDN.
```
